docs(TextLink): accepts html anchor attributes (#253)
palmetto/palmetto-components: src/components/TextLink/TextLink.stories.mdx

## Props

> In addition to the props listed below, the `TextLink` accepts all valid HTML anchor element attributes, such as `_target`.

Author: ```suggestion
When the `href` is set, the `TextLink` accepts all valid [HTML anchor element attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a), such as `_target`.

When `to` is set, the `TextLinik` accepts all [React Router Link](https://reactrouter.com/web/api/Link) props.
```
